[Music]
gabby pito never goes outside
she claims that she did not have intent
to hurt you
when she was slapping at you
so technically speaking it does not fit
the letter of the code
so
i am not going to charge
is
bravo romeo
[Music]
the only person who can answer this
question is you
think very hard before you ask the
question do not need the answer think
very hard
when you
slapped him
were you attempting to cause him
physical pain or physical impairment was
that what you were attempting to do
what were you what were you attempting
to do
what was the reason behind the slapping
in the stomach
what was what was that you were
attempting
[Applause]
[Music]
i support you either way
so assault is an attempt with unlawful
[Music]
so
you can go
this now i'm just gonna i'm gonna i'm
recording and the society and the judges
and everyone can judge me for this i am
looking at a 110-pound female and her
fiance who have no means to be separated
he doesn't want to pursue it she's not a
threat to him more than slight abrasives
from her fingernails
i
i don't care if
we use the actual letter of the law to
to not charge but i also don't care
because it literally does possibly make
perfect sense to go
full-on domestic assault
i've decided i'm not going to cite you
for
domestic violence
okay
so i'm choosing not to cycle today
[Music]
all right so
we are
right outside capitol reef right now in
a uh free dispersed camp spa
and we've been lucky so far at all the
places we've stayed
but i'd say this is one of the best so
far
since we left in new york i've only set
up my hammock once
and now we're all the way in utah and
luckily enough
[Music]
and we're kind of like in the desert
very few trees
[Music]
[Applause]
you